# My Application

The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).

* First install Loopback. Then you will scaffold out a new server-side application using Loopback. Set up a model and explore the REST API automatically scaffolded out by Loopback.
- Use Loopback to quickly scaffold out a server-side application
- Use Loopback to define a model and automatically let it construct the corresponding     REST API
# Installing Loopback
At the command prompt, type the following to install Loopback command-line tools globally:

````
     npm install strongloop -g
````
Make sure to use sudo if you are installing on OS X or Linux machines.
Scaffolding Out a Loopback Application
At a convenient location on your computer, type the following at the prompt to scaffold out a Loopback application:

````
     slc loopback
````

To create a Loopback model for dishes, type the following at the prompt:
````
     slc loopback:model
````

* For the model name type dishes. For the data source select db. For the model's base     class select PersistedModel.
* Say Yes to REST API, and select the common model.
* Loopback will prompt for the properties of the model. Create the following properties,  all of String type: name, description, category, image, label and price. All are        required except label. For label, select the default value as ' ', and for price the    default value as 0.
* Start the server by typing at the prompt:
````
     node .
````

- Explore the REST API supported by the server.